# The Flemmards - Meeting Minutes

## Sprint #1

### Meeting #2

**Date:** September 24th 2025
 
**Time:** 7:00 PM

**In Attendance:**
Elliot Boismartel, Omar Dbaa, Nameer Hanif, Curtis Moxebo, Nihit Patel, Hesham Rabie, Bijoy Sengupta, Mostafa Maraie

**Goal of Minutes:**
The goal of the meeting was to finalize and complete Sprint 1, and to make sure all information is complete and up to date. Additionally, the repo for Sprint 1 is to be proofread and reviewed. 
 
**Reports:** 
- Additional user stories and tasks regarding the Administrator Dashboard & Moderation and Organizer Event Management were discussed and added to the issues.
- The README file was cleaned, completed and formatted correctly.
- Division of tasks was finalized among team members, and each tasks was assigned to at least one team member.
- Sprint 1 was proofread and verified.

**Next Meeting:**
The next meeting is scheduled for Thursday, September 25th. During this meeting, the team will begin Sprint 2. The team will begin coding the features and design of the project, and discuss potential issues or concerns that may arise.